hi
this will be my ultimate triumph seizing
the cacica destroying chaos and ruling
perrin
get down
haha you can't defeat my entire army we
don't have to I will we were just
keeping you busy until they got here
talking on take a man keep hammering
bond glutes troops push them back the
Golfo tower where are you going to stop
fell for getting bored Blues into this
was just a diversion well for once the
doors to the deep Barnes open but he's
not doing it without a fight
how nobody's supposed to be here what do
you want I come in peace friends my name
is fell for we have orders to blast
anybody who comes near the doors so get
lost or we will I can't leave my mission
is too important what missing that to
open the doors of the deep mines final
warning leave now
open the doors open the doors yes the
chemicals behind the doors you want to
see the catheter don't you the car
fakhar behind the doors open the toys
this is it we got
call Sarah and Peyton
cares there's nothing we can do
now open the doors
stop don't unlock those doors
what's going on did anything happen
ready
skate
more
you